[release 2.8 < MG-parallel-recovery] Document parallel recovery related configs (#824)
memgraph/docs: docs/changelog.md

## v2.8 - TBD

### New features and improvements

> - The performance of data recovery has been improved by spreading the work to multiple
>   threads. [#868](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/868)

Reviewer: Let's talk about this release note.
```suggestion
- Data recovery is now up to 10x faster depending on the number of cores, as [snapshot loading is now distributed among several threads](/memgraph/reference-guide/backup#snapshots).
. [#868](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/868)
```
